[Music]
hi it's agatha
welcome or welcome back to my channel
and for today's video it's going to be a
beauty tutorial
i'll call this nepa sure actually if
it's going to be peachy
sunkist or tangerine sun kiss
i'm not sure
but anyway before we get started please
make sure to like this video and
subscribe to my channel as well
so if you're interested in knowing how i
did this look then
keep on watching by the way hindi na
palacinamayung base
makeup like your foundation and
concealer because you all know the drill
so yeah it does eye makeup and then
surface now like you
blush contour and all that i am going to
start it first by applying concealer on
my eyelids and this is the eyeshadow
palette that i'm going to use and also
the brushes that i'm going to use for
this look
let's start by applying this shade all
over my eyelids
and then this shade as a transition
shade now i am going to use this peachy
shade all over my lips
then blend then i'm going to get the
lightest shade and blend it on the
crease line to make it seamless
now i'm going to get this shade and i'm
going to put it on the outer v
and my inner corner then blend it again
using this shade
now i'm going to put this cream glitter
eyeshadow
and blend it using my finger
now using the shimmer shade i'm going to
apply it on my eyelids and then the
darkest shade i am going to apply it on
my lash line
[Music]
now i'm going to apply a small winged
liner using a gel liner in dark brown
now curl your lashes
and apply some mascara
after that i am going to apply a bronzer
i am using the one from vice cox and
glitz
face palette and i'm just going to put
it on top of my cheekbones
and on my forehead
don't forget to apply on your jawline
now as my favorite part i'm going to
apply
nose contour and i just fast
[Music]
now i am going to apply a peach blush i
am using this one from vice cosmetics in
the shade
chala but then i'm also going to top it
off
later with another peachy shade
there you go now i am going to apply
another blush
and it's from benefit the georgia blush
and i like using this because it has a
shimmer which
means that it adds glow
[Music]
of course we cannot forget applying
highlighter on the highest points of
your face
and i'm going to use the one from vice
cosmetics
and clothes face palette
[Music]
now i'm going to apply a peachy nude
shade this is from vice cosmetics
and then i'm going to top it off with a
color tint
in so this is the final look
i'm really loving this i am loving the
warm
tones i'm not really a fan of orangey
or peachy like in
it's nice i'm liking it like and
subscribe to my channel if you want to
see more of me
and if you do have some suggestions
leave them down below
i'll see you on my next one bye
[Music]